readme.md, before:

<img width="100%" src="https://github.com/2sic/dnn-theme-2shine-bs5/raw/main/images/logo-1000.png">

# DNN Skin/Theme Bootstrap5 Instant! for DNN 7, 8, 9

A clean, prepared bootstrap5 skin for DNN (DotNetNuke), ready to make awesomeness - ideally combined with bootstrap content-templates.

1. This theme needs the [2Shine BS5 Container](https://github.com/2sic/dnn-container-2shine-bs5) to work, but this gets installed automatically for you when you install the theme with the installer.
1. Check out other DNN Bootstrap Skins like:
    1. [DNN Bootstrap3 Single Pager](https://github.com/2sic/dnn-theme-bootstrap3-single-pager)
    1. [DNN Bootstrap4 Instant](https://github.com/2sic/dnn-theme-bootstrap4-instant)
    1. [DNN Bootster Bootstrap 4](http://www.dnnbootster.com/)
    1. [nvQuickTheme Bootstrap 4](http://www.nvquicktheme.com/)
1. And it's awesome together with professional content-templates like
    1. [Standard Content Blocks/Templates](https://github.com/2sic/2sxc-content-app)

# The Bootstrap5 Instant Theme for DNN

This theme is a layout/skin for the CMS [DNN](https://github.com/dnnsoftware/Dnn.Platform) based on [Bootstrap5](http://getbootstrap.com/) and [SASS](http://sass-lang.com/). It allows you to create simple custom designs within minutes and complex designs within a few hours. This is why it's called *instant*.

## What's in the Package

1. A clean, best-practices, responsive Bootstrap 5 Skin / Theme
1. ...based on SASS, with a set of variables-files to customize layouts in minutes
1. An e-mail encryptor to encrypt mail addresses in the layout
1. A SEO-title optimizer
2. An automatic svg integration for responsive logos
3. Layout footer implementing SEO microformats
4. NPM for all dependencies
5. Webpack to process the sass/typescript into the resulting CSS/Javascript

## Layouts

1. Default - Floating content on background, full-width sticky-header
2. Fullscreen - Modules can use the full width to set backgrounds
3. Centered - Content and Menu are max-width, background to right and left
4. Centered-Submenu - Paged/floating content with submenu to the left
5. Float-WideHeader - Paged/floating content with wide header


## Dokumentation

For a detailed documentation go [here](https://www.2shine.org/)
<!---
## Theme Installation (move to docs)

There are three ways to install the initial package

1. [By downloading the _package_ and installing it through the web UI of DNN](https://azing.org/dnn-community/r/jRA6BIxn)
2. [By using `git clone` to create a copy of this repository in your _Skins_ folder](https://azing.org/dnn-community/r/dV0_C3yY)
3. [By downloading the zip and manually copying it to the _Skins_ folder](https://azing.org/dnn-community/r/0DIROnG-)

You can read more about this [here](https://azing.org/dnn-community/r/xmvM_gD7).

## Customize and Redesign everything within Minutes (move to docs)

You can now quickly customize and redesign everything within minutes. Check out the instructions [here](https://azing.org/2sxc/r/TIvm7V0H).
-->
## Creating Awesome Designed Content (move to docs)

You now have created the layout within minutes or hours, but you're still missing the perfectly designed inner pieces, like tile-lists, content-accordeons, galleries, sliders, blogs and more. Fortunately these are both super-easy to add and use the same mechanisms for design. They can even re-use the variables of your skin, to automatically match look and feel :)

To get the awesome designed content, install [2sxc](https://github.com/2sic/2sxc/releases) and the default Bootstrap 5 content-templates.

## History

### v5.00.02

1. removed node-sass, added sass
2. removed unnecessary packages
3. fixed :visited link style in navigation
4. Renamed body classes 
   1. tab -> page
   2. portal -> site
   3. tab-level -> nav-level

### v05.00.03

1. Cleaned up resource files as they were all the same
1. Enhanced lookup of file name to not repeat unnecessarily

## Love from Switzerland

Daniel & Tom

Commit message:

slim down resx files - drop unnecessary stuff

readme.md, after:

<img width="100%" src="https://github.com/2sic/dnn-theme-2shine-bs5/raw/main/images/logo-1000.png">

# DNN Skin/Theme Bootstrap5 Instant! for DNN 7, 8, 9

A clean, prepared bootstrap5 skin for DNN (DotNetNuke), ready to make awesomeness - ideally combined with bootstrap content-templates.

1. This theme needs the [2Shine BS5 Container](https://github.com/2sic/dnn-container-2shine-bs5) to work, but this gets installed automatically for you when you install the theme with the installer.
1. Check out other DNN Bootstrap Skins like:
    1. [DNN Bootstrap3 Single Pager](https://github.com/2sic/dnn-theme-bootstrap3-single-pager)
    1. [DNN Bootstrap4 Instant](https://github.com/2sic/dnn-theme-bootstrap4-instant)
    1. [DNN Bootster Bootstrap 4](http://www.dnnbootster.com/)
    1. [nvQuickTheme Bootstrap 4](http://www.nvquicktheme.com/)
1. And it's awesome together with professional content-templates like
    1. [Standard Content Blocks/Templates](https://github.com/2sic/2sxc-content-app)

# The Bootstrap5 Instant Theme for DNN

This theme is a layout/skin for the CMS [DNN](https://github.com/dnnsoftware/Dnn.Platform) based on [Bootstrap5](http://getbootstrap.com/) and [SASS](http://sass-lang.com/). It allows you to create simple custom designs within minutes and complex designs within a few hours. This is why it's called *instant*.

## What's in the Package

1. A clean, best-practices, responsive Bootstrap 5 Skin / Theme
1. ...based on SASS, with a set of variables-files to customize layouts in minutes
1. An e-mail encryptor to encrypt mail addresses in the layout
1. A SEO-title optimizer
2. An automatic svg integration for responsive logos
3. Layout footer implementing SEO microformats
4. NPM for all dependencies
5. Webpack to process the sass/typescript into the resulting CSS/Javascript

## Layouts

1. Default - Floating content on background, full-width sticky-header
2. Fullscreen - Modules can use the full width to set backgrounds
3. Centered - Content and Menu are max-width, background to right and left
4. Centered-Submenu - Paged/floating content with submenu to the left
5. Float-WideHeader - Paged/floating content with wide header


## Dokumentation

For a detailed documentation go [here](https://www.2shine.org/)
<!---
## Theme Installation (move to docs)

There are three ways to install the initial package

1. [By downloading the _package_ and installing it through the web UI of DNN](https://azing.org/dnn-community/r/jRA6BIxn)
2. [By using `git clone` to create a copy of this repository in your _Skins_ folder](https://azing.org/dnn-community/r/dV0_C3yY)
3. [By downloading the zip and manually copying it to the _Skins_ folder](https://azing.org/dnn-community/r/0DIROnG-)

You can read more about this [here](https://azing.org/dnn-community/r/xmvM_gD7).

## Customize and Redesign everything within Minutes (move to docs)

You can now quickly customize and redesign everything within minutes. Check out the instructions [here](https://azing.org/2sxc/r/TIvm7V0H).
-->
## Creating Awesome Designed Content (move to docs)

You now have created the layout within minutes or hours, but you're still missing the perfectly designed inner pieces, like tile-lists, content-accordeons, galleries, sliders, blogs and more. Fortunately these are both super-easy to add and use the same mechanisms for design. They can even re-use the variables of your skin, to automatically match look and feel :)

To get the awesome designed content, install [2sxc](https://github.com/2sic/2sxc/releases) and the default Bootstrap 5 content-templates.

## History

### v5.00.02

1. removed node-sass, added sass
2. removed unnecessary packages
3. fixed :visited link style in navigation
4. Renamed body classes 
   1. tab -> page
   2. portal -> site
   3. tab-level -> nav-level

### v05.00.03

1. Cleaned up resource files as they were all the same
1. Enhanced lookup of file name to not repeat unnecessarily
1. Slimmed down resx files to the necessary minimum

## Love from Switzerland

Daniel & Tom
